scout: policy (phase 0) (#17951)
docker/docs: content/scout/policy.md

  requirements over time
---

> **Beta**
>
> Policy Evaluation is a [Beta](/release-lifecycle/#beta) feature of Docker
> Scout. This feature is available to organizations participating in the
> limited preview program for policies.
>
> If you're interested in trying out this feature, reach out using the form on
> the [Docker Scout product page](https://docker.com/products/docker-scout)
{ .restricted }

In software supply chain management, maintaining the security and reliability
of artifacts is a top priority. Policy Evaluation in Docker Scout introduces a
layer of control, on top of existing analysis capabilities. It lets you define
supply chain rules for your artifacts, and helps you track how your artifacts
perform, relative to your rules and thresholds, over time.

Learn how you can use Policy Evaluation to ensure that your artifacts align
with established best practices.

## How it works

When you activate Docker Scout for a repository, images that you push are
[automatically analyzed](../advanced-image-analysis.md). The analysis gives you
insights about the composition of your images, including what packages they

> contain, and what vulnerabilities they're exposed to. Policy evaluation builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contain, and what vulnerabilities they're exposed to. Policy Evaluation builds
```

on top of the image analysis feature, interpreting the analysis results against
the rules defined by policies.

A policy defines one or more criteria that your artifacts should fulfill. For
example, one of the default policies in Docker Scout is the **Critical
vulnerabilities** policy, which proclaims that your artifacts must not contain
any critical vulnerabilities. If an artifact contains one or more

> vulnerabilities with a critical severity, that artifact will have failed the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vulnerabilities with a critical severity, that artifact fails the
```

layer of control, on top of existing analysis capabilities. It lets you define
supply chain rules for your artifacts, and helps you track how your artifacts
perform, relative to your rules and thresholds, over time.

Learn how you can use Policy Evaluation to ensure that your artifacts align
with established best practices.

## How it works

When you activate Docker Scout for a repository, images that you push are
[automatically analyzed](../advanced-image-analysis.md). The analysis gives you
insights about the composition of your images, including what packages they
contain, and what vulnerabilities they're exposed to. Policy Evaluation builds
on top of the image analysis feature, interpreting the analysis results against
the rules defined by policies.

A policy defines one or more criteria that your artifacts should fulfill. For
example, one of the default policies in Docker Scout is the **Critical
vulnerabilities** policy, which proclaims that your artifacts must not contain
any critical vulnerabilities. If an artifact contains one or more
vulnerabilities with a critical severity, that artifact fails the evaluation.

> In Docker Scout, policies are designed to help you ratchet forward your

Reviewer 2: Wondering if we can use a simpler word instead of 'ratchet forward'? Maybe improve, enhance?
